okay in this part of the video I'm going
to be telling you how to wire in some
stereo jacks eight inch female stereo
jacks from Radio Shack to create two
more inputs on your rock band one drum
set so you can use the rock band to
MadCat cymbals what you're looking at
here is the blue board from my Rock Band
drum set and we're concerned this is the
top of the board and we're concerned
about this square chip with these little
solder joints going all the way around
it and the black dot in the middle this
chip is your IC chip and right here I
made a diagram of that chip there is ten
legs on all sides of the chip and I
labeled each leg what they do for
example this is the green button so when
you press the green button this is the
leg that operates that but we're going
to be concerned about here is the start
button and the back button the start
button is four legs down and what you're
going to do simply is take a single wire
red in color or your color preference
whatever just make sure you have two
different colors it makes it easier you
so you're going to solder the wire right
onto this leg and then you're going to
run the other end of the wire up to your
eighth inch stereo jack that's a female
and you're going to do the same with the
back button you're going to have another
single wire and it's going to run to the
other side of your drum set and right
here is the picture to Jack this is pin
one and this is pin to their the were
there two two that we're going to be
concerned about
so looking at the start button and the
back button you're going to have a
single wire goal from the start button
to say pin one polarity does not matter
here then the back button of course
would go to your other jack because you
have two ities and then you would put
that to your pin 1 now right here you
can see a little solder joint and it's
labeled here ground you're gonna solder
both ground wires right to this terminal
and then you're going to solder one of
the ground wires the pin two on the
other Jack you're going to solder at the
pin to put your drums back together you
have two inputs that are wired now for
your rock band to MadCat symbols